in an effort to keep their cruises
family-friendly carnival has enforced a
dress code which bans any clothing they
deemed to be offensive and which is a
tough one because who decides which
clothes are offensive and which clothes
are not we actually tracked out the
person who does make that decision his
name is Gil Frederick's he's the
director of PR for Carnival Cruise and
he's with us now hello hey Gil thank you
for joining us are you actually on the
ship right now yes indeedy
my office aboard carnivals flagship
Cruiser sensuality on the sea oh okay
yeah attention all passengers the box
office is now open for tonight's
performance of Murder She Wrote on
ice-fishing 94 year old Angela Lansbury
okay good well so I want to ask you
about this new dress code that you've
instituted alright nosy Nancy ask away
well what is the reason for it it's very
simple really we don't want to expose
our passengers many of whom are families
and people of lower intelligence to some
of the crude and offensive messages on
these shirts okay okay but can you give
us like some examples of what might not
be allowed Eric I can show you oh great
oh okay terrific but before I do I'm
warning you this is some disturbing
stuff we'll be fine we'll be okay I mean
some of this stuff you wouldn't even see
scrawled with a switchblade onto a
toilet seat in a crack house well this
is it's a late-night show and those
shirts I wouldn't bury Hitler in that he
was spooning Typhoid Mary then Geoffrey
Epstein's bouncy castle
it's a we can handle it I promise okay
all right you're next oh come here is
your name Ernesto sir si
okay me indeed and seeing is believing
the contraband yeah it shows the
contraband Ernesto oh I took this one
off the lady at the all-you-can-eat pull
the pork buffet oh boy
it says federal balls and spice yeah I
see isn't that terrible
yes it is terrible and by the way I
called around there is no such federal
agents oh yeah I'm sure there's not what
other horrors do we have in that box
Ernest if you can read this mind you if
you can read this fell overboard
yeah now that happens more than you say
- what and it's not funny at all no have
you ever pulled a body out of the ocean
Jimmy no I have not pulled a body out of
the ocean sometimes they don't have oh
my god there's no God Wow nice to read
the next shirt oh it is by a brothel
clock it's my egg roll claw okay
leave me if there was such a time I
would know about okay I sometimes need a
little help with the old trouser trout I
understand that's very memorable aspects
sure this was an unfortunate we had to
confiscate this one because of a typo Oh
all hands on yeah
look at this the Chinese who made this
spell deck with an arm well I don't know
that that's a typo I whatever it is we
have the guy who was wearing it locked
up in our jail oh okay good and then
there's this kiss me I'm Irish well why
is that offensive we can't have an Irish
on board we've got an open bar for oh
okay well let's see I don't know I don't
know how to feel about that what else do
you have in there or nest oh all right
I'm hungry well that seems fine what's
wrong that I'm hungry well it does until
you see the back oh yeah yeah okay now I
see yeah for debts we - yeah I can read
that yes oh no oh oh my gosh attention
all passengers due to an overdose of
Mexican Dramamine Murder She Wrote on
ice has been postponed
oh no filling in will be the very job
magician David Copperfield no I have not
seen it work he's very good he pulled a
life vest out of my bottom
Oh
what's happening Oh No we hit an iceberg
oh you wait aren't you selling the
Caribbean global warming Jimmy
everything's okay
attention all passengers were going down
you saw the movie Titanic so you know
what to do and remember you can always
use the fat person as a flotation device
oh my gosh
Oh or Nestle I hope you didn't hear that
well I'll let you guys go it seems like
you've got your hands full there thank
you get on the Carnival
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do